Jack Petersen

2005 Willow Creek Dr. Apt. 1021 ♦ Austin, TX ♦ Cell: (805) 888-9013 ♦ Email: jackpetersenmusic@gmail.com
KEY QUALIFICATIONS:
• TABC certified
• Food Handler certified
• TIPS certified
• Crowd Manager certified

WORK EXPERIENCE: 
BAR MANAGER, FIVE EASY PIECES, BOHEMIAN GROVE, MONTE RIO/SAN
FRANCISCO, CA 10/2015-present
Bartender for the Five Easy Pieces camp at the Bohemian Grove, a private club along the
Russian River. Duties include set up and break down of the meals/events, mainly focusing on the
bar, mixing and serving beverages, inventory and usage, and assisting with plating, serving, and
anything else the chef may need. Our catering team also does private events for members of the
Bohemian Club throughout the year in San Francisco.

-Wrote 5 different cocktail menus specifically tailored to my clients at the Bohemian Grove; all menus included in attachments, 
-Assisted in all sorts of tasks, most of which required quick thinking on my feet, from tracking down coolers full of chilean sea bass lost in a giant central fridge in the middle of the woods to save a meal for our members, to making sure another members' priceless bottles of wine are served at just the right moment.
-Directed a team of tree climbers in the Grove to properly erect our camps' sun shades -- a set of 5 shades that were architectually designed to block the sun, roped off in the trees. There was only one correct arrangment for the shades, with hundreds of possibilities of how they could be erected. I supplanted the foremen of the tree climbers, and made it happen with only a picture on my phone of the original arrangment of the shades.
-Was available for cocktails/beers/wine/sandwiches/musical entertainment/assistance with our camps PA sound system at any time of the day or night, for approximately 30 days out of the year for our members at the Bohemian Grove.
-Performed Victor Wooten's arrangment of 'Norweigen Wood' on the deck of 5 Easy Pieces
-Was able to comfortabley live, somehow, with 3 other guys in bunk beds in a tiny room behind the kitchen in the middle of the Redwoods for a whole month without hassle or drama. A PEOPLE PERSON.
-Recommended my successor, needed due to back injuries, wild success

BARTENDER, ROYAL FIG CATERING, AUSTIN, TX 2/20/18-present
Bartender for off-site catering company, duties include set-up and break down, mixing and
serving drinks for clients, ensuring the satisfaction of the client and venue coordinator by
adhering to any specific need, providing a professional and fun environment for the client.

-Assisted with off site catering events, first job I got when I moved to Austin, actually got the job on my drive down to Austin before I had even gotten an apartment. mostly weddings. Unlike the Grove, this was a bigger company I was working for, (although still lovely and awesome), I would have specific assignments to complete; anything that made the operation run smoothly.
-Bowed out when I got a more stable, lucrative job, but stayed in touch with owners and reccommended qualified friends who were looking for industry jobs.


BARTENDER, BUFFALO WILD WINGS, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 12/2014-8/1/17
Mix and serve drinks according to bar specifications, connect with customers in order to ensure
their return business and establish regulars, full-service bar.




MANAGER, WHISKEY&#39;S STEAKHOUSE AND SALOON, BOSTON, MA 12/2013-11/2014
Managed five nights a week at a high-volume, fast-paced sports bar on Boylston St. in Boston.
Responsible for the FOH and BOH functions, supervising servers, bartenders, door guys, cooks,
cocktail waitresses and a host. Evaluated staff, also filled in and assisted at every FOH and BOH
position. Responsible for all cash handling and ensuring the safety of our staff members and
liquor license. Took liquor, beer and wine inventory and placed orders, adjusting pars for
specific events that would affect volume. Placed produce and grocery orders. Developed a very
thorough knowledge of the MICROS system. Also identified issues with staff and maintenance
within the bar and implemented strategies to fix them and prevent reoccurrence. Logged nightly
notes detailing the nights&#39; events, staff issues, maintenance issues, inventory changes etc.
SERVER, CIOPINOT SEAFOOD GRILLE, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 7/2011-11/2013
Anticipated customer inquiries regarding appetizer and entrée specials, developed an organized
system for taking orders to ensure the safe and timely arrival of beverages, cold appetizers, hot
appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts to every table. Mastered wine presentation and service,
and confident and knowledgeable with the wine list.

SERVER, CIOPINOT SEAFOOD GRILLE, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CA 7/2011-11/2013
Anticipated customer inquiries regarding appetizer and entrée specials, developed an organized
system for taking orders to ensure the safe and timely arrival of beverages, cold appetizers, hot
appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts to every table. Mastered wine presentation and service,
and confident and knowledgeable with the wine list.

EDUCATION CERTIFICATIONS:
Bridgton Academy, HS diploma, Varsity baseball, 4.0 GPA (sorry i hate/forgot highschool)
Camarillo HS - Freshman/JV baseball before getting caught smoking weed in the drum room.
        - Pitcher of the Year, freshman year
        - President and Founder of Wiffle Ball Club
        - 4.0 GPA???
        - Got my dick wet for the first time
        - Freshman/JV football
        - Bottom bass drum on the drum line for 2 years
        - Developed unparalleled strategies for copying HW from friends (problem solving abilities)

SAT score in 2007: 2040, 790 in math.
Accepted into Cal Poly San Luis Obispo as a Software Engineer major.
Not invited back unfortunately, due to a build up of inner hatred, substance abuse, parents trying to shave my head in my sleep and throw me into the military, and a lack of funds.
Codecademy:
    Computer Science Career Path Certificate
    Back-end Engineer Career Path Certificate
    Django Full Stack Certificate
    Asynchronous Programming Certificate
    Python, Java, and Javascript Certificates

Completed required reading/studies to become a certified Sommelier
studied the 'Sommelier Prep Course', the required reading to be accepted into the Las Vegas Bartenders Union, ran the bar program at the 5 Easy Pieces Camp at the Bohemian Grove
Completed Math Courses Up to and including 'Linear Analysis', sometimes called 'Calculus 4' in my brief stint in college.
Played electric and stand-up bass at Camarillo High School for 3 years, winning an 'outstanding soloist award' in my  junior year.


